docs/automation: clarify feature support (#7705)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/user/automation.md

Automation requires that your [external service](../admin/external_service.md) is using a token with **write access** in order to create changesets on your code host.

## Supported campaign types and functionality

> Our focus is to deliver _general_ functionality (e.g., centralized monitoring all ongoing PRs) as well as _tailored_ solutions for large-scale code changes and workflows (e.g., detect leaked NPM credentials). If you have a specific automation workflow in mind that is not covered by our current feature set, [please reach out to us](email or slack link here).

Author: @christinaforney what is the best email or contact method can we add here?

Author: Going with support@ for now.

> Our focus is to deliver _general_ functionality (e.g., centralized monitoring all ongoing PRs) as well as _tailored_ solutions for large-scale code changes and workflows (e.g., detect leaked NPM credentials). If you have a specific automation workflow in mind that is not covered by our current feature set, [please reach out to us](email or slack link here).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our focus is to deliver _general_ functionality (e.g., centralized monitoring of a large set of pull requests on different codehosts) as well as _tailored_ solutions for large-scale code changes and workflows (e.g., detect leaked NPM credentials). If you have a specific automation workflow in mind that is not covered by our current feature set, [please reach out to us](email or slack link here).
```

> Our focus is to deliver _general_ functionality (e.g., centralized monitoring of a large set of pull requests on different codehosts) as well as _tailored_ solutions for large-scale code changes and workflows (e.g., detect leaked NPM credentials). If you have a specific automation workflow in mind that is not covered by our current feature set, [please reach out to us](email or slack link here).

Author: ```suggestion
Our focus is to deliver _general_ functionality (e.g., centralized monitoring of a large set of pull requests on different codehosts) as well as _tailored_ solutions for large-scale code changes and workflows (e.g., detect leaked NPM credentials). If you have a specific automation workflow in mind that is not covered by our current feature set, [please reach out to us](support@sourcegraph.com).
```

### Manual changeset monitoring

Manual campaigns keep track of existing changesets from various code hosts. You will manually add each changeset you would like to track (such as a GitHub pull request), and can track them to completion.

### Comby search and replace

> We currently offer search and replace functionality using [Comby](https://comby.dev), which is a tailored solution for syntactic, lint-like code changes. If you're interested in general text or regex search and replace then stay tuned, it's in the works!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently offer search and replace functionality using [Comby](https://comby.dev), which is a tailored solution for syntactic, lint-like code changes. (If you're interested in general text or regex search and replace then stay tuned, it's in the works!)
```

> > Run Comby across all of your repositories that match a specified scope query. Currently GitHub and Bitbucket Server are supported Codehosts for this campaign type. Other repositories **won't** be matched by the `scopeQuery` parameter. Also, a maximum of 200 repositories applies at this time.

Author: @eseliger question for you: to what extent does `scopeQuery` work with traditional search queries? Is it accurate to say that it is _only_ possible to filter repos (and not, for example, to say `repo:foobar 'func main`, which implies that only files matching `main` will be filtered?

If the answer is "yes, we can only filter repos", then we need to make that very explicit here (I can take care of it).

Reviewer: `scopeQuery` is put into our search as a raw query: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/blob/a168f7861c01a5471bc1c038f51c09bdd3608802/cmd/frontend/graphqlbackend/search.go#L737-L762

That means, if you put in `repo:foobar 'func main` we will only run the Campaign over repositories that include `func main`. Depending on the Campaign type, we might search again (future optimization: we persist the _exact result locations_ of the scopeQuery and have access to them when running the Campaign) in the repository, but the scopeQuery allows narrowing down the initial set of repos by searching for file contents.

Author: Right, so the result type is _always_ a repo, and we run it across everything in the repo. See, in one use case, someone might have the misconception that `repo:foobar 'func main'` only runs on the _files_ that match this query (since in the search bar this query would return results of type 'file', not of type repo). This is cause for confusion and we should explicitly document (a) what `queryScope` supports and (b) future plans to support the case I just mentioned, or whether it is 'out of scope of the forseable future'

Author: Still have a follow up question: what part of scope query gets sent to searcher? If I put `lang:c` in scopeQuery, is that just thrown away?

Reviewer: The whole `scopeQuery` gets sent to searcher. Nothing is thrown away. If your `scopeQuery` is "repo:github lang:c int main" then it will only run over repositories in which `int main` appears in C files.

| matchTemplate   | The template to match against in source files. See the [Comby documentation](https://comby.dev/#match-syntax) for syntax. |
| rewriteTemplate | The template to use for the replacements. See the [Comby documentation](https://comby.dev/#match-syntax) for syntax.      |

### Upcoming: Regex search and replace

> We are actively working on campaign support for regex search and replace.

Author: I know this isn't on the roadmap, but I think it's just a matter of time before it ends up there. This doesn't have to be a commitment for Q1 or anything like that, but I do feel it'd be remiss to not mention it here or support it eventually.

Reviewer 2: We can solicit interest by adding a request for feedback too: 

```suggestion
We are actively working on campaign support for regex search and replace. Let us know if this is a feature you are especially excited for!
```
